# Doctor-appointment-fixing
The application is developed to reduce the side effects of peoples by taking medicines from pharmacy without doctor’s knowledge and also to manage the patients time.
This system involves after fixing appointment the patient has to visit to the doctor manually, after visiting e-prescription will be generated for the patient id.
 By using that prescription details, patient can buy medicines from pharmacy.Mainly validity period and validity date is very important where based on the validity period and date the medicines will be issued by the pharmacy.
 Most of the peoples are taking medicines without knowing about the health issue. Because of that they are getting side effects to overcome this problem e-prescription system is developed.They can also visit to hospital than fixing appointment for that also the same process will be done.

# Module Split-up
Doctor details
Patient details
GPS
Generating Prescription 
To Pharmacy(Notification )
To Patient(Notification )



# Task Split-up
# Suganya B
# Doctor details
In this module, the details about the doctor will be listed. Initially the doctor has to register into the application to update their qualifications and details .The details includes their Name, Age, Department, Address, Email id, Phone number. Whenever they click on SUBMIT button, an ID will be generated for the doctor’s account and the id and the respective password for that id will be sent to the doctor’s e-mail id. By using that they can login into the application and view  the patient appointment .
# Prithika V
# Patient details
In this module, the details about the patient will be stored. Initially the patient has to register into the application to include their details . The details includes their Name, Age, Address, Email id, Phone number. Whenever they click on SUBMIT button, an ID will be generated for the patient’s account and the id and the respective password for that id will be sent to the patient’s e-mail id. By using that they can login into the application and fix the  appointment .
# Preetha S
# GPS Enabling
In this section the user will use this GPS to select their location based on their convenience. After logging into the application the user will get the GPS page to select the location which will be convenient for them.	

# Roshini RM
# Generating Prescription 
In this section the prescription will be generated by the doctor after consulting manually. When they  fix appointment , doctor will schedule their time based on that. Patient has to visit to the hospital to consult the doctor manually, after consulting doctor will generate e-prescription. In which the prescription includes two important fields : Validity Period, Validity Time. The prescription will be generated for the patient’s id then it  will be sent to the pharmacy and  to the patient. The pharmacist will provide medicines based on the validity period and time. If that exceeds they will not provide medicines, he patient has to consult to the doctor again to get  medicines.

# Suganya B
#To Pharmacy(Notification )
In this section the pharmacist will provide medicines based on the validity period and validity time. As they are using this application the patient id  and their prescription detail will be sent to the pharmacy via notification. Where the patients can tell their id and can get medicines.
#Prithika V
#To Patient(Notification )
In this section the patient will receive the notification regarding their  prescription details, and the list of pharmacy details where they can get medicines.

# Advantages
i.The results of prescription details will be sent to pharmacy and patient and they can view their every details from the first visiting.
ii.Can  be able to reduce side affects of taking medicines without doctor’s knowledge.



# Team Members
Preetha S  15ITA20 (711715205020) 
Prithika V 15ITA22 (711715205022) 
Roshini RM 15ITA26 (711715205026)
Suganya B 15ITA44 (711715205703)


# Project Status
Completed UI 
Connectivity 20%

# Yet to Complete 
Remaining Connectivity
